Add reference for @implementation and @c [SE-0436] [SE-0495] (#435)
apple/swift-book: TSPL.docc/ReferenceManual/Attributes.md

- The implementation satisfies the requirements for an inlinable function,
  described in <doc:Attributes#inlinable>.

### c

> Apply this attribute to any declaration that can be represented in C ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply this attribute to any declaration that can be represented in C, 
```

> for example, global functions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as global functions 
```

and nongeneric enumerations (constrained to integer raw-value types).
The `c` attribute tells the compiler
that a declaration is available to use in C code.

> If you apply the `c` attribute to an enumeration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying the `c` attribute to an enumeration 
```

> each enumeration case is exposed to C code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exposes each enumeration case to C code
```

as the concatenation of the enumeration name and the case name.

> The first letter of the case name is capitalized.

Reviewer: This is passive voice. What capitalizes it? Is it the developer, the C code?

For example, a case named `venus` in a Swift `Planet` enumeration

> is exposed to C code as a case named `PlanetVenus`.

Reviewer: The passive is kind of confusing. What exposes the enumeration?

The class that the extension extends must be imported from Objective-C,
not be a root class,
and not use lightweight generics.
The extension can't include any protocol conformances.
All declarations in this extension are implicitly marked with the `objc` attribute.
For example,
the following Objective-C header declares a class with one method:

```objc
NS_HEADER_AUDIT_BEGIN(nullability, sendability)
@interface MyClass
- (void)performSomeAction;
@end
NS_HEADER_AUDIT_END(nullability, sendability)
```

<!-- Omitted the header's conventional blank lines for compactness. -->

You implement the class and its method in Swift as follows:

```swift
@objc @implementation
extension MyClass {
    func performSomeAction() { ... }
}
```

A member of the extension that matches a declaration in the header file
is known as a *member implementation*.
To be considered as a match,
a member implementation must meet the following requirements:

- Its selector and Swift name be the same as the declaration it implements.
  If needed, you can use the `objc(custom:selector:)` attribute in Swift
  and the `NS_SWIFT_NAME(custom(_:name:))` attribute in Objective-C.

> - Its type matches the type of the declaration it implements,

Reviewer 2: Typo:

```suggestion
- Its type matches the type of the declaration it implements.
```

  and they're implicitly marked with the `nonobjc` attribute.
  For initializers, you apply the `nonobjc` attribute instead.

<!--
XXX TR: Please confirm discussion of inits.
The proposed solution and detailed design sections of the SE proposal
frame these slightly differently.
-->

The extension can include declarations for stored properties and initializers,
which is an exception to the rule that these can't be declared in extensions.

If you provide an argument to the `objc` attribute,
the extension's members are placed in an Objective-C category with that name,
which must match an category declared in the Objective-C header file.
For example, if the header contains the following:

```objc
@interface MyClass (SomeCategory)
- (void)someCategoryMethod;
@end
```

The Swift code to implement `someCategoryMethod()` is as follows:

```swift
@objc(SomeCategory) @implementation
extension MyClass {
	func someCategoryMethod() { ... }
}
```

Implementing an interface in Swift doesn't require any changes
to the interface declared in the Objective-C header file.
If you have an existing interface,
you can use this attribute
to replace its Objective-C implementation with a Swift one,

> without changing the header file.

Reviewer 2: Judgment call, but I wonder if it might be better to move this statement ahead of the nitty-gritty details, perhaps as early as the second paragraph (and above the subhead if you add one). It's very helpful to understand the use cases and general workflow for `@implementation`, and it's equally applicable to other future uses of `@implementation`.

[`GlobalActor`]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/globalactor

### implementation

Apply this attribute to a declaration
that provides a Swift implementation
for a declaration that's imported from another language.

Implementing an interface in Swift doesn't require any changes
to the interface declared in the C or Objective-C header file.
If you have an existing interface,
you can use this attribute
to replace its existing implementation in another language
with a Swift implementation,
without changing the header file.

#### Swift Implementation of Objective-C Declarations

For declarations that are defined in an Objective-C header,

> apply both the `objc` and `implementation` attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply the `objc` and `implementation` attributes
```

```objc
NS_HEADER_AUDIT_BEGIN(nullability, sendability)
@interface MyClass
- (void)performSomeAction;
@end
NS_HEADER_AUDIT_END(nullability, sendability)
```

<!-- Omitted the header's conventional blank lines for compactness. -->

You implement the class and its method in Swift as follows:

```swift
@objc @implementation
extension MyClass {
    func performSomeAction() { ... }
}
```

A member of the extension that matches a declaration in the header file
is known as a *member implementation*.
To be considered as a match,
a member implementation must meet the following requirements:

- Its selector and Swift name is the same as the declaration it implements.
  If needed, you can use the `objc(custom:selector:)` attribute in Swift
  and the `NS_SWIFT_NAME(custom(_:name:))` attribute in Objective-C.
- Its type matches the type of the declaration it implements.
  Types marked `_Nonnull` in Objective-C can be implemented in Swift
  either as non-optional or as an implicitly unwrapped optional.
- Its error handling (`throws`) and concurrency (`async`)
  matches the declaration it implements.
  For an Objective-C method that takes a completion handler as an argument,

>   it can match either the version imported as `async`

Reviewer: That is "it" in the sentence above? A member implementation? A method?

>   or the version imported with a closure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  or the version imported with a closure, but you can't implement both versions if:
```

>   However, you can't implement both versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - It isn't marked `final` or `override`.

Reviewer: The intro for this list isn't clear. Do. you mean, "You can't implement both versions when..."? Also, again, what is "it"?

- Its access control level is `open`, `public`, `package`, or `internal`.
- It doesn't have any other traits
  that would be incompatible with the member it implements,
  like the `nonobjc` attribute, `class` modifier, or mutability,

Every member implementation in the extension
must match a member declared in the Objective-C header,
and every member declared in that Objective-C category
must have a matching member implementation in Swift.
If the Objective-C header doesn't specify a category,
the declarations are part of the default category.
When using this attribute to migrate Objective-C code into Swift,
you either migrate one category at a time
or you migrate individual methods by moving them between categories,

> which isn't source- or ABI-breaking.

Reviewer: What isn't source or ABI breaking? Migrating individual methods? Categories?

> which isn't source- or ABI-breaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which isn't source or ABI-breaking.
```

For information about categories in Objective-C,
see [Customizing Existing Classes][objc-category]
in *Programming with Objective-C*.

[objc-category]: https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/ProgrammingWithObjectiveC/CustomizingExistingClasses/CustomizingExistingClasses.html

<!-- Alternate xrefs:
Cocoa Core Competencies article, summarizes and links to the above
https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/General/Conceptual/DevPedia-CocoaCore/Category.html

The Objective-C Programming Language, superseded by the above
https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/ObjectiveC/Chapters/ocCategories.html
-->

In addition to member implementations,

> you can also write the following declarations in the extension,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can write the following declarations in the extension,
```

> which must not match a declaration in the Objective-C header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but they can't match a declaration in the Objective-C header:
```

- Overrides for superclass members.
  You mark these declarations with `override` as usual.
- Helper members with a `fileprivate` or `private` access control level
  that aren't marked `final`.
  To access them from Objective-C,
  either declare them in a header that's not visible to the Swift compiler
  or access them using their selector.
- Helper members  with `internal`, `fileprivate`, or `private` access,
  which are accessible only from other Swift code.
  You mark these declarations `final`,
  and they're implicitly marked with the `nonobjc` attribute.
  For initializers, you apply the `nonobjc` attribute instead.
- APIs with `public` or `package` access,
  which are only accessible to Swift clients.
  You mark these declarations `final`,
  and they're implicitly marked with the `nonobjc` attribute.
  For initializers, you apply the `nonobjc` attribute instead.

The extension can include declarations for stored properties and initializers,

> which is an exception to the rule that these can't be declared in extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is an exception to the rule that declarations can't be declared in extensions.
```

Reviewer: Change okay? Trying to clarify the pronoun "these".

If you provide an argument to the `objc` attribute,

> the extension's members are placed in an Objective-C category with that name,

Reviewer: What places them?

which must match an category declared in the Objective-C header file.
For example, if the header contains the following:

```objc
@interface MyClass (SomeCategory)
- (void)someCategoryMethod;
@end
```

The Swift code to implement `someCategoryMethod()` is as follows:

```swift
@objc(SomeCategory) @implementation
extension MyClass {
	func someCategoryMethod() { ... }
}
```

#### Swift Implementation of C Declarations

For a declaration that's defined in an C header,

> apply both the `c` and `implementation` attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply the `c` and `implementation` attributes
```
